autogen subpackage (#968)
microsoft/FLAML: README.md

## What is FLAML
FLAML is a lightweight Python library that finds accurate machine
learning models automatically, efficiently and economically. It frees users from selecting

> models and hyperparameters for each model. It can also be used to tune generic hyperparameters for large foundational models, MLOps/LMOps workflows, pipelines, mathematical/statistical models, algorithms, computing experiments, software configurations and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
models and hyperparameters for each model. It can also be used to tune generic hyperparameters for foundation models, MLOps/LMOps workflows, pipelines, mathematical/statistical models, algorithms, computing experiments, software configurations and so on.
```

> 1. For common machine learning or AI tasks like classification, regression, and generation, it quickly finds quality models for user-provided data with low computational resources. It supports both classical machine learning models and deep neural networks, including foundation models such as ChatGPT and GPT-4.

Reviewer 2: chatGPT and GPT-4 are not exclusive. 

foundation models -> large language models

I think "including large language models such as the OpenAI GPT models" would be the best

> 1. For common machine learning or AI tasks like classification, regression, and generation, it quickly finds quality models for user-provided data with low computational resources. It supports both classical machine learning models and deep neural networks, including large foundational models such as ChatGPT and GPT-4.

Reviewer: "large foundational models" -> "foundation models"?

estimator.fit(X_train, y_train)
```

> * (New) You can optimize [generations](https://microsoft.github.io/FLAML/docs/Use-Cases/Auto-Generation) by ChatGPT or GPT-4 etc. with your own tuning data, success metrics and budgets.

Reviewer 2: chatGPT and GPT-4 are not exclusive.
